Who are you?
Three years ago, my grandfather made a marriage contract for me
Is the man on the engagement date you?
Uh, it's me, hahaha.
Shen Yan
And here it is.
Haha, where did you find this actor?
How much is it?
Is this a monthly subscription?
But no day.
Hahahahahahaha
Switch arms and open mouth
Ah!
How dare you hit me?
The woman who dares to beat me
Do you know who I am?
Hey, don't blame me for not reminding you.
The daughter of the Ye family is something you can't afford to offend
Ye family daughter
Shen Yan, you lie
Don't see who is lying
Li Shao, but he has been friendly with the Ye family for generations
How could Li Shao not know?
What does the daughter of the Ye family look like?
Stop pretending here
Our lady hasn't shown her real face for three years
How do you know that?
How dare you question
I see you are clearly pretending to be an underarm market
Of course it is.
Otherwise why does he keep wearing a veil?
Oh, I see.
It must be.
He's ugly.
Can't see people
Hahaha, I'm picking up a TV now
True Life
Ah, I let you go last time
I won't show mercy this time
I'll tell you what.
I'll forget you now
Let go of Mr. Li
Ah!